[CMSP-532] Drop `pre-ga/` from WordPress (Composer Managed) guide & update paths (#9002)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/content/guides/autopilot/07-troubleshoot.md

### Diagnosis

> A [WordPress Composer Managed](/guides/wordpress-composer/wordpress-composer-managed) site which is not using Composer is not supported by Autopilot.

Reviewer: I know you were just updating URLs, but can this sentence be rewritten to make sense?

Author: That document is owned by @pantheon-systems/lifecycle-ops (Autopilot). I am not sure the context of the note that was added.

Reviewer 2: AFAIK What it means is Build Tools sites do not work with Autopilot. If you are using Composer, you must use IC.

Author: ```suggestion
A Composer-based WordPress site using [Build Tools](https://docs.pantheon.io/guides/build-tools/) is not supported by Autopilot.
```

@pwtyler this look good?
